[Music]
Hey guys welcome to my first video and
we will talk in this video about ICICI
Bank's new product Elevate
so let's talk about the basics of entry age, what
new have they given, what have they added to it then we will
talk about the basic inbuilt
features then we will come back to the add-ons because the
add-ons in this are very new and
creative so we will talk about that then let's
start without wasting any time ok
so you can see the basic information
is the entry age is minimum 18 and maximum
no limit so if 99 years or 100 years anyone
agai policy lene ke toh woh policy eli le sakta then
the sum assured ranges from 5 lakh
to unlimited sum option so this is new the
person can choose if you
want 3 crore 5 crore and
unlimited sum option so in this premium
according to change will be normal 10 year
option or
same family floater to adult  Three kids ok now
the child consideration as a
dependent in normal cases it is 18 ok
in normal policy our NEET is up to 25
but here they have made it 30
years so this is also new so till 30 years
you can continue the parent policy by taking your child in the parent policy
so this is very good good good thing then we will come up
to the basic covers
in basic covers first day care day care
treatment is also your up to some cover ok
new in patient
treatment know what is day treatment
so in technical terms any procedure
surgery treatment anything that happens within 24 hours
so it comes under day care so all in all there is no
limit in this
your in patient treatment cover
what is in normal cases single private
room we normal companies provide ok but
what have they done here in the policy when
you buy the policy so you will have the option to choose it as
deluxe  If you
want to do room or suit, then
your premium will
change accordingly, so this is also
new then comes the pre and post, pre is
90 days, post is 180 days, okay, this is also
new,
in normal cases it is 60 days and then it is 90 days, then comes
the donor expenses,
donor expenses are also your up to total sum,
so whatever the sum you take, that expense
comes up to that, it will be covered by the
company, then comes domicile
hospitalization, okay, also your up to time sum
is covered, and in this they have given a small advice,
if the advice is by the medical practitioner and
lasts at least three consecutive days, if your
domicile hospitalization at home lasts for three days,
we will accept that, and the
company will do the same, if it lasts for one or two days,
in that case the company will not do it, then
AYUSH is also covered, okay, and that up to some
amount,
cashless rebates like  Your situation at that time
will be domestic road ambulance, this is also up
to some limit,
in new normal cases your
capping is that we will give you only this much,
3000, 4000, 5000 and whatever
expense comes in this, the company will bear the amount and
reset the benefit, now you will see that at 100 your
amount will be reset, it is estimated to be
unlimited
times for the same
person and same illness, also so,
if you have taken a policy of 10 lakhs and your
expense in that year is 10 lakhs, then
that will be covered for you, ok sorted, now
after 45 days you get the same illness or
any different illness and the claim amount is
of 5 lakhs, so in that case the company will cover 5
lakhs because of the decent benefit and in this
your limit will be 45 days that the second
hospitalization should happen only after 45 days
In that case you will be covered, right, okay, so it is also
covered up to 5
lakhs,
okay, in new normal cases there is a limit
and in many of these cases nowadays this is
not there at all,
so this is also new, then comes
the guaranteed NCB, guaranteed
commission
bonus, this is 20 per every year but maximum
up to 100 years, so your
premium will increase by 20 every year, sorry,
20 sum every year and it will go up to maximum
100%, you will definitely get this guarantee,
but surgery is also covered and it is also at some discount,
we will talk about this is also new discount, but later because
that is a part of AIDS, we will talk about it later,
wellness program, same, let's talk about it later, then comes
the modern treatment, modern
treatments also the company will cover up to some amount for you
and when will you get the cover for modern treatment, when will you get the cover,
when the specified doctor is there and he will
suggest you for modern treatment or
any laser  If you want to get any surgery done, in that
case only the company will reimburse you
on a cost basis, it will not be given on the basis of client's choice.
Like if in case the client
wants that I should get
modern treatment instead of traditional, in that case the company will
not reimburse you.
Okay, only if the medical doctor or medical
professional will suggest then only.
So basic covers are more or less the same.
Two or three new things have to be added. So those are
your special products, so let's
discuss what they are and what are their benefits. If you get
one time insured
claim amount for selected
claim. Okay, now let's see what we have done for
example. Let's
zoom in [music], you have
taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakh. Okay, now
what will happen in normal cases? For example, a
claim of Rs. 20 lakh came in that year. What will happen in a normal policy?
You will get Rs. 10 lakh and then you will have to
pay this Rs. 10 lakh from your pocket.  It will have to be done right
now what is there in if care, you people have taken a
policy of 10 lakhs, the claim has come for 20 lakhs, so
now you have an option that I should
tell them 10 lakhs right now that I had an add-on for internet
care, so I want a full
claim of 20 lakhs, okay and that too only once in a
lifetime, if you have taken a policy, then
you will be able to opt for it only once,
so let me explain it to you a little more, that is, by
taking an example, you have
taken a
policy of 10 lakhs, your claim has come for
50 lakhs, okay,
now you had taken this add-on for internet, so
you have the option that look,
I am using it right now, I need
40 lakhs, so it will be covered
by the company because of this add-on, it is infit
care, okay, which is infit care, we can
take this add-on only for two years from the starting,
for example, we took the policy for Apple
in 2024, so in 24 we will opt  If you do
n't want to do it, tell us we will opt for it later, okay,
when the renewal comes in 2025, then
also we have the option whether we want to opt for the loan
or not, if we do not opt ​​for it in that year also, then in
2026 we will not be able to opt for it, so we have
the option to choose only within years 24 and
pass, after that you will not be able to opt for that option,
you will get the option to opt for it, okay,
second is power booster, now
look at this, read it carefully, get a cumulative
bonus of 100% every year relative to the
claim for the in-fit period, now that is
normal, whatever we talked about,
that guaranteed 20%, okay, you will definitely get it,
if we choose this add-on option, then
separately our 100% increase will happen every year, that is,
you took it for 10 lakhs, so after 10
years it will become one crore, after 20
years, after 30 years, if  If you choose this option
addon
then this is
new and this is also definitely
new now third is jump start now jump start let's
see what we care about you even if you have
PD like
asthma diabetes hypertension hyper
lipidemia and
obesity you can get a wedding period of
reduce 30 days okay what happens in normal cases is that in some
companies the wedding
period of PD is three years in some four
in some multiple whatever option is there in this
for these five PD we
can get its coverage from 30 days 31 days by pay extra premium
now which will be calculated by underwriting depending on the
and
the main factor factor will be up to 30 days
okay this is also new very good this is a very
good option because people who have
diabetes want coverage from 30 onwards
why would we wait for two years so
this is a good option people
okay claim protector it's normal  It is the same
that your non-payable items will be
covered by you, okay, your inflation
protector should also be the same, as per the option
your sum increase will be 8, if it is 8 then
your increase will be according to that, okay now there will be
domestic air ambulance cover up to some
short coverage, if we opt
for this, for example, if we want to go from Mumbai to a different
state, we need air travel in that, so
in that case we can do this, okay now then
dependent accommodation benefit,
what is this,
if you are hospitalized in a short time, then the
company will cover your dependents for 10 days, that is Rs. 100, sorry, Rs.
000 per day, as per 000 per day for
dependent accommodation and it should be 10
days, then the company will give you
accommodation, then
room modification, which I was talking to you, whether
you want a suite or you want to
downgrade, then that is also an option
I don't want a single room,
I want a sharing room, the
premium will work for you, but if someone
wants a suite, I will
always go in a suite, or I will
[Music]
cut yours, so this is the option, this is very good, this is a
new budget, those who
feel that
we have said this, this is good, then come the come with the
compassionate visit, okay, if
your hospitalization exceeds five days, then the
company will give you Rs.
100 per year for
economy
cut, okay, then come the compassionate visit, so if
your hospitalization exceeds five days,
then they will reimburse up to Rs. 100 once a year for air flight to your nearest
immediate family
members,
for example, if you have your parents in Delhi,
they have to come from here to Mumbai,
then they will give you expenses up to Rs.
only once in a
year, then there is maternity
Benefit: In normal cases, we get coverage of Rs
50,000, right, but in this case, we are getting Rs 10
per of the annual sum assured and maximum up to Rs 2 lakh. So, if you take a policy of Rs 5 lakh, you will be able to opt for Rs 50,000, Rs 10 lakh and even in Rs 50 lakh, you will be able to opt for a maximum of Rs 1 lakh only. Because of the limit, this is very
good, but not in normal cases.
And in case of maternity, you have a
waiting period of 2 years.
Okay, now this is the point. Now, in this product, we have added
one more add-on, which is the
maternity benefit, sorry, PD, which is
called maternity benefit. We can reduce the waiting period of maternity benefit from
two years to one year
by paying an
extra pr. So, this is very good, very good. Then comes
the new born baby cover. The
company will provide hospitalization cover for up to 90 days and then
the maternity coverage.  Amount so that is 2
lakh maximum up to 2
lakh baby's baby expenses will be
covered. Then vaccination for
new born baby in the first year.
The company will provide all the vaccinations in the first year
with a limit of 00
maximum and % of the sum. So in 5 lakh, 5000,
10000 and above, all of them will cost you only 10000. Then
nursing at
home or your loan is similar in C company. It will
give you a
maximum of 10 days for post
hospitalization provided by qualified nurse at
redens. If you are in hospital or you have chosen
this add on, so after 10 days of
hospitalization, the company will cover you for 10 days.
That is 2000 per day. Now comes the
durable medical equipment cover. Okay, this is also
new. Now, as for
your hospitalization expenses after the expenses, the company will cover you for 10 days.
Then you need to rent or purchase some
wheelchair and any other medical
equipment if prescribed by a medical
practitioner.
If the doctor prescribes that you have to buy it,
you will not be able to do without it.
In that case, your company will
provide policy cover of Rs 5 lakh. This is also
good. Then comes the
benefit in this. If your
hospitalization continues for 10 days or
more, then the company will straightaway
give you a policy of Rs 2000000. But the
policy is fine. This is common. If this happens
in a house, then you can avail for health
checkup your benefit.
% of the annual sum assured maximum up to Rs
5000 and that too on a cashless basis.
You can book your test through the app of Il Take Care App
and
whatever test is done on your basis will be done up to Rs 2000.
5000 rupees less than the best OPD treatment, okay, it was like this
before also, so now before taking it, they have made it compulsory to turn on the
good tele
consultation option to reduce the MPD, which I
told you that you can do it for one year from two years,
by choosing this turn option by adding
these extra points.
Now what happens is that if the
customer says that we do not want to do this much,
what can happen in that case,
you can put any number of rupees like 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 and
from that you make the premium
and what is this, your payment is for every claim, then
you have fixed it at 10, so in every claim,
whatever is the claim amount, you will
pay 10% from your pocket and the rest the company will give
you on rebate or cashless basis, then comes the
network advantage, now
see carefully what is there in this, these companies have
made many of their own network hospitals, if you choose this turn on and
you go to the hospital only through these network hospitals
There is a list of hospitals in this list,
if you go beyond those hospitals, in that
case
you will get a discount of Rs. 10 on the premium,
okay, but if you have opted for this and
you have got your hospitalization done
in some other hospital
which is not in their net list, in that case you will have to
pay Rs. 20 by
default, so this is a little confusing point,
but listen carefully, I will explain again, if
you have opted for this, then there is a
specified list by the company, then let me give you an
example, these 10 hospitals, if after opting for this
you go to those hospitals in that
case, then your salary will
remain normal and your premium will be reduced by Rs. 10,
but if you have opted for this
and you are getting yourself admitted in some other hospital, in that
case you will have to pay Rs. 20 from your pocket for
every claim,
so this is
new
and then comes the personal accident cover,
so the company is giving you a maximum of Rs. 50 lakh for this.
For this
option,
we will be able to provide this add-on only to those clients or people who are above 65 years of age, we will
not be
able to provide it to people below that age, less critical ones, okay critical ones,
so the company has a specified list of 20
critical lines, if
you get any of these lines, then the company will give you a lump
sum for whatever critical line you have taken, for example, if
you have taken a critical line and you get
cancer, then in that case the
company will give you a lump sum of ₹ lakh, separately the
company will reimburse your expenses,
but additionally they will provide you ₹ 10 lakh
and the sum you have taken, so these are the
basic add-ons that we have talked about, there are many
new add-ons in it which are very good,
like Ift Care Power Booster Jump Start,
then room
modification option to reduce the waiting
period and everything else.  It is almost voluntary co-
payment and this Network
Advantage is also new which is a very good
option to reduce the premium
but the client has to keep that in mind and
the advisor has to keep that in mind that he should tell
this to the entire client ok then now
we have talked about
how many entries are there in it, we have talked about the basic things,
we have discussed the enabled features, we have discussed the add-ons
that the company has added,
and now we will talk about the standard
waiting period which is there, let's touch it up once,
initial waiting period 30 days
ok PD 36
months 3
years specified disease waiting period 24 months same ok
critical illness waiting period 90 days
which we had done on critical illness
so if something happens to you within 90 days then
in that case the company will not give any compensation,
if you detect anything after 90 days  In case of
critical illness you will get lump sum money for
basic surgery 24 month waiting period
ok there is a waiting period for
diabetes HTN and cardiac condition as PD
so if you already have diabetes PD then it will be
after 3 years but
if you do not have diabetes and you get
this diabetes within 90 days of taking the policy then in that
case the company will not provide
cashless or restorative cover whatever it is
after 90 days if you have
hospital expenses due to diabetes then in that
case the company will
cover the waiting period paid for maternity for 24
months
to 2 years and we have the option to reduce
it to 1 year by paying some extra
premium so thank you thank you so much guys so this is it
we have read about this product in general
what are the add-on benefits which the company has
introduced new these benefits everything so that's it
and thank you so much guys  Important
part: If you did not understand something in this
or have any question related to
this or anything else, then
please ask in the comments. I will
try my best to get back to you and
or in the next video I will
explain that point to you in a small way,
so thank you and see you in the next
video, bye Namaste.